I"=<p>1. Contest Description  The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is sponsoring a nationwide carbon monoxide (CO) safety poster contest (Contest) to help raise awareness about the dangers of CO in the home.  Possible topics include:  How to recognize CO exposure and symptoms;  Facts about CO: You cannot see it or smell it. It’s an invisible killer;  What steps you can take to protect against CO poisoning;  How to install and test CO alarms and why they are important.    Additional information about the dangers of CO may be found at: www.cpsc.gov/CO.    <p></p>2. Eligibility  Any child who is a citizen or permanent resident of the United States and is in grade six, seven, or eight is eligible to participate in this Contest. Children of CPSC employees are not eligible to enter the Contest. To win a prize, a contestant must comply with the requirements and rules of the Contest, including submitting a Contest Submission and  Parental Consent Form.  <p></p>  3. How to Enter  Contestants may submit entries to the CPSC between July 14, 2014 and February 27, 2015. Only one poster per contestant may be submitted, and all entries must be received by CPSC no later than February 27, 2015.  Entries must consist of one piece of original artwork (8 ½ x 11” poster) and a completed Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form.  Contestants must create the poster without assistance from others. The poster must not have been submitted to any prior CPSC poster contest or published previously. The poster must not contain any elements that violate a third party’s copyright or trademark rights.  Entries must be submitted on CPSC’s website at: www.cpsc.gov/COcontest. Attached files should be in the form of either a PDF or JPG and must be no larger than one megabyte each, if possible.  Teachers are encouraged to submit poster entries for students, subject to the limitation of one poster entry per student. However, to be eligible for a prize, each entry must include a completed Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form.  Once a poster is entered, a contestant cannot make any changes or alterations to the poster. The approximate date by which the judging will be complete is May 1, 2015. All decisions by the judges are final.  By submitting an entry to the Contest, the contestant and the contestant’s parent or guardian agree to be bound by the Contest’s Official Rules. This Contest is a skills-based contest. Chance plays no part in the determination of winners.  To maintain privacy, contestants should not put their name or any personal information on the poster. If there is identifying information on the poster, CPSC will remove the information.   <p></p> 4. Parent or Guardian’s Consent  Along with their poster submission, all contestants must also submit a completed Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form signed by a parent or guardian. In the Form, parents or guardians must provide CPSC:  permission for the Contestant to enter the contest;  an agreement that the Contestant will abide by the contest rules;  contact information to notify the parent or guardian if the poster wins a prize;  permission to collect, use, or disclose the child’s personal information in accordance with the contest rules and applicable laws.  <p></p>  5. Privacy  CPSC will collect, use, and disclose the information submitted in accordance with the Privacy Act and/or E-Government Act of 2002. Information is not collected for commercial marketing. <p></p>   6. Children’s Online Privacy  The safety and privacy of children is CPSC’s priority. CPSC complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and its accompanying regulations protecting the privacy of children using the Internet.  CPSC requires verifiable parental consent via a Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form for all contestants and requires this consent before CPSC collects, uses, or discloses personal information about children under the age of 13. CPSC requires contestants to disclose the minimum amount of personal information necessary to participate in the Contest. CPSC requires the contest winners’ parent/guardians to  provide their child's social security number to process prize payment. CPSC will contact a contestant only through a parent or guardian.  CPSC uses the personal information about a contestant to administer the Contest. After obtaining parental or guardian consent via a Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form, CPSC will publish the contestant’s poster, along with the contestant’s first name, grade level, and state of residence. CPSC does not permit contestants to make additional information publicly available and will not publish personal information about contestants other than the information described above.  CPSC maintains reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information collected from children, as described in CPSC’s Systems of Records Notice, Privacy Impact Assessment, and agency policies and directives. CPSC only discloses personal information as required by applicable laws and regulations.  If you have any questions about these privacy policies, you may contact CPSC at:  pdavis@cpsc.gov  At any time, a parent or guardian may review or have deleted the contestant’s personal information and may refuse to permit further collection or use of the contestant’s information by contacting the contest administrator at: pdavis@cpsc.gov.  To win a prize, a contestant must comply with the requirements and rules of the contest.   <p></p> 7. Prizes   Three 6th grade winners will win $500 each.   Three 7th grade winners will win $500 each.   Three 8th grade winners will win $500 each.   One winner will be chosen by public vote on CPSC’s website from all contest entries. This winner will receive a cash award of $500.   One grand prize winner picked from the finalists will win $1,000.   One poster may win multiple prizes.  Winners shall be responsible for any applicable federal, state, or local taxes. CPSC will pay prize money directly to the winners. Each winner must provide CPSC with sufficient information to support payment transactions in accordance with CPSC fiscal policy and the issuance of Internal Revenue Service Form 1099. Winners may not transfer, assign, or substitute their prize.  CPSC may print, reproduce, or display winning posters publicly in print, online on the CPSC’s website, and online on other safety partners’ websites.  <p></p>  8. Judges The posters will be judged by a qualified panel selected by CPSC in its sole discretion. CPSC retains the right to add or remove judges at any time before the winners are announced. Contest judges may include people from outside CPSC, including individuals from the private sector. The panel of judges will choose the winning posters based on the criteria identified below. Judges have the right to withdraw without advance notice. Judges may not:  have personal or financial interests in, or be an employee, officer, director, or agent of, any entity that is a registered contestant in this contest; or  have a familial or financial relationship with an individual who is a registered contestant; or  have any matter pending before CPSC or represent anyone in any matter pending before the agency. Specific tasks related to the judging process may be delegated to CPSC employees or employees of a collaborating agency. Judges shall have the authority to disregard any minor error in an entry that does not create any substantial benefit or detriment to any contestant. Decisions made by the judges are final.  <p></p>  9. Judging Criteria CO safety message clarity;  Visual appeal;  Design originality.  <p></p>  10. Contest Subject to Applicable Law The Contest is subject to all applicable federal laws and regulations. By submitting an entry to the Contest, the contestant agrees to be bound by these Official Rules and administrative decisions, which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Contest. Eligibility for a prize award is contingent upon fulfilling all of the requirements of the Official Rules. The final award of prizes is contingent upon the availability of appropriations.  <p></p>  11. No CPSC Logo The poster must not use CPSC’s logo or official seal and must not claim federal government endorsement.  <p></p>  12. Copyright/Original Work Each contestant, through the contestant’s parent or guardian, represents and warrants that he or she is the sole author and owner of the poster; that the poster is wholly original with the contestant; and that the poster does not infringe any copyright or any other rights of any third party of which the contestant is aware. <p></p>   13. Intellectual Property Rights By entering a poster, each contestant and the contestant’s parent or guardian grants to CPSC an irrevocable, paid-up, royalty-free, nonexclusive worldwide and perpetual license to use, copy, distribute to the public, create derivative works from, link to, display publicly (on the Internet or otherwise), and grant sublicenses to the poster indefinitely, starting on the date the poster is entered into the Contest. All contestants will retain all other intellectual property rights over their posters.  <p></p>  14. Verification of Contest Winners All contestants must continue to comply with all terms and conditions of the Official Rules, and winning is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements contained herein. The parent or guardian of the winner(s) will be notified by email, telephone, or mail after the date of the judging using the information provided by the parent or guardian to CPSC. The end date for judging is an approximation and may change depending on the number of entries. Each Contest winner must sign and return to CPSC, within ten (10) calendar days after the date of notice being sent, an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release (except where prohibited) to claim any prize or recognition. If a Contest winner is disqualified for any reason, CPSC may award the applicable prize and recognition to an alternate winner selected by the judges from the eligible entries remaining.  <p></p>  15. Limitation of Liability By submitting an entry for the Contest, all contestants and parents or guardians of the contestants agree to, and thereby do, release, discharge, and hold harmless the government and its employees, agents, contractors, and representatives (except in the case of willful misconduct) from any claims, losses, and damages arising out of their participation in this Contest or any Contest-related activities and the acceptance and use, misuse, or possession of any prize awarded hereunder, including claims for injury, death, damage, or loss of property, revenue or profits, whether direct, indirect, or consequential, arising from their participation in the Contest, whether the injury, death, damage or loss arises through negligence, or otherwise. Participants will not be required to waive claims against CPSC that arise from the unauthorized use or disclosure by the agency of the intellectual property, trade secrets, or confidential information of the contestant. The contestant and his or her parent or guardian shall be liable for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the government against all actions or  claims for loss of or damage to property resulting from the fault, negligence, or wrongful act or omission of the contestant.  <p></p>  16. Liability Insurance Based on the subject matter of the Contest, the type of work that the Contest possibly will require, and the likelihood of any claims for death, bodily injury, or property damage, or loss potentially resulting from Contest participation, contestants are not required to obtain liability insurance or demonstrate financial responsibility to participate in this Contest.  <p></p>  17. Records Retention and Freedom of Information Act  All materials submitted as part of a Contest entry (including the poster and the Contest Submission and Parental Consent Form) become CPSC records and will not be returned. No confidential information will be accepted with any Contest entry. Contestants will be notified of any Freedom of Information Act requests for their Contest entries in accordance with applicable law. <p></p>18. General Conditions THIS CONTEST IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. Contestants agree that this Contest shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, and the forum for any dispute shall be in the District of Columbia, United States of America. To the extent permitted by law, the right to litigate, to seek injunctive relief, or to make any other recourse to judicial or any other procedure in case of disputes or claims resulting from, or in connection with this Contest, are hereby excluded, and any contestant expressly waives any and all such rights. Certain restrictions may apply. CPSC, in consultation with the judges, reserves the right, in CPSC’s discretion, not to make an award in one or more categories based on factors such as quality, quantity, or nature of eligible entries. CPSC reserves the right to cancel, suspend, and/or modify the Contest, or any part of the Contest, for any reason, at CPSC’s sole discretion. All decisions by CPSC are final and binding in all matters related to the Contest.   <p></p> SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE  This notice supplements the contest rules for CPSC’s Carbon Monoxide Safety Poster Contest. The contest rules, as supplemented by this notice, apply to all contestants who enter submissions in the Carbon Monoxide Safety Poster Contest during the term of the contest, including those who already have submitted entries. As reflected in the contest rules, in addition to other awards one winner will be chosen by public vote on CPSC’s website from all contest entries. CPSC is contacting you and publishing this notice on the contest website to announce a supplement to the contest rules that explains the terms and conditions of the public vote that will select the public vote winner.  You can view the contest rules at: http://www.cpsc.gov//PageFiles/169709/COPosterContestRules.pdf.<p></p> The contest rules allow CPSC to modify the contest in CPSC’s discretion and state that certain restrictions may apply. Additionally, CPSC has reserved the right not to make any award based on a variety of factors.  Public Vote Prize: Terms and Conditions.  The contest rules state that CPSC will award $500 to the winner of a public vote on CPSC’s website from all contest entries.  If a contest submission receives multiple votes from the same voter or if votes for a submission appear irregular (including but not limited to, votes generated by robotic, programmed or other automated means), CPSC reserves the right to: disqualify the contest submission from eligibility to win the public vote prize, invalidate votes, or take other appropriate action in CPSC’s discretion. If the online voting process fails to operate properly or appears to be tampered with or tainted with errors, fraud, unfair practices or develops technical difficulties of any sort (including computer viruses, bugs, or automatic voting/bots), CPSC reserves the right to disqualify applicable contest submissions from eligibility to win the public vote prize, invalidate votes, decide not to award the public vote prize or take other appropriate action in CPSC’s discretion. CPSC’s decisions as to the administration of the contest and prize awards are final.  Please contact the contest administrators with any additional questions.</p>
:ET