I"		<p>Laboratory-based infectious disease surveillance programs, such as PulseNet, the National Tuberculosis Surveillance System, and the Active Bacterial Core Surveillance program, rely on primary culture and microbiologic testing in community hospital and clinical laboratories. A new generation of non-culture-based diagnostic tests are now beginning to enter the marketplace offering physicians faster results and, in some cases, more types of information than were previously available. Unfortunately, these new tests do not typically result in isolates being available for public health purposes, and, as their use continues to grow, it will likely become increasingly difficult or impossible to detect and investigate outbreaks or other important infectious disease trends.    New laboratory approaches that do not depend on isolates or culture for subtyping and characterization of microbes are needed to maintain and improve important public health activities across a range of pathogenic organisms.  CDC is challenging inquisitive researchers to develop a new or innovative method to straintype and characterize Shiga toxin-producing <em>Escherichia coli</em> (STEC) without using culture-based methods. The innovative straight-to-strain method will be able to isolate STEC from stool (a complex clinical sample) in a way that will make information immediately available for public health use.  &lt;p id="p-7" data-page="51340"&gt;A key component of this challenge is the development of novel approaches to identifying and characterizing pathogens similar to normal flora in a complex matrix in a process that does not require any culture, including pre-enrichment. Straintyping and characterization of the Shiga toxin-producing STEC from clinical stool samples represents a significant challenge and has been selected as the target organism for this challenge. STEC are similar in most respects to the commensal E. coli that are carried in the intestinal tract of nearly everyone. Consistent identification, straintyping, and characterization of pathogenic STEC directly from a complex matrix, such as stool, requires the consistent identification of both a variable marker that can be used for subtyping and a second, more stable marker that can be used for definitive identification.&lt;/p&gt;   </p>
:ET