I"R+<p>Eligibility</p>
<p>To be eligible to win a cash prize under this Competition, an individual or entity: 1.) Shall have registered to participate in the Competition under the rules promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security, Science and Technology Directorate, the United States Coast Guard (Competition Sponsors) and Luminary Labs in accordance with the description provided on the Competition Website. 2.) The Challenge is open to all individuals (non-felons) over the age of 18, United States Citizens or legal permanent residents at the time of entry and to all validly formed legal U.S. entities whose primary place of business is in the U.S. that have not declared or been declared in bankruptcy. Eligibility is subject to verification by the DHS and USCG before monetary prizes are awarded. 3.) Officers, directors, advisory board members, employees, and support contractors of DHS S&amp;T Borders and Maritime Division, USCG RDC, USCG Challenge advisors/mentors, Luminary Labs and its contractors (with the express exception of Luminary Labs&rsquo; authorized solver community), and judges are ineligible to compete in this Challenge. Likewise, members of their immediate family (spouses, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, parents, step-parents), and persons living in the same household, whether or not related, are not eligible to participate in any portion of this Competition. Note: The members of an individual&rsquo;s household include any other person who shares the same residence as such individual for at least three months out of the year. See the Challenge.gov (https://www.challenge.gov) public notice for full set of exclusions and eligibility requirements. 4.) You are not eligible to receive a monetary or non-monetary prize in the Challenge if you are a resident or entity designated by the United States Treasury&rsquo;s Office of Foreign Assets Control (see http://www.treasury.gov/resource- center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx for additional information). 5.) Shall have complied with all of the requirements on the official Competition Website. 6.) Individuals and entities, otherwise eligible to win a monetary or non-monetary prize, may form and submit a team entry; however, each eligible individual or entity must first register as an individual or entity participant for the contest before they form a team. Failure to follow this procedure as outlined on the contest website will disqualify the contest submission. Team winnings, as determined by the Contest Sponsor, will be distributed to the designated team leader for further distribution to team members. 7.) Contestants to this Prize Competition must: agree to be bound by the rules of the Prize Competition, agree that the decision of the judges for this Prize Competition are final and binding, and acknowledge that their submission may be the subject of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request and that they are responsible for identifying and marking all business confidential and proprietary information in their submission. 8.) Individuals and Individual Team Leaders selected as a Prize Competition Monetary Prize Winner must submit all required taxpayer identification and bank account information required to complete an electronic payment of the cash prize. Failure to provide Luminary Labs or the government required documents for electronic payment within 30 days of notification by Luminary Labs, Inc. or the government will result in a disqualification of the winning entry. 9.) Participants in this Prize Competition agree, as a condition for winning a monetary or non-monetary prize, to complete and submit all required winner verification documents to Luminary Labs, Inc. or DHS within 30 days of notification. Failure to return all required verification documents by the date specified in the notification may be a basis for disqualification of the winning entry. 10.) Contestants to this Prize Competition must agree and consent, as a condition for receiving a monetary or non-monetary prize, to the use of their name, entity, city and state, likeness or image, comments, and a short synopsis of their winning solution as a part of the Department of Homeland Security&rsquo;s promotion of this Prize Competition. 11.) Entrants will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless DHS, USCG, and Luminary Labs from and against all third-party claims, actions, or proceedings of any kind and from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses relating to, or arising from, the entrant&rsquo;s submission or any breach or alleged breach of any of the representations, warranties, and covenants of the entrant hereunder. 12.) Contestants must own or have access at their own expense to a computer, an Internet connection, and any other electronic devices, documentation, software, or other items that contestants may deem necessary to create and enter a submission 13.) The following Participants (including any individuals participating as part of a team or entity) are not eligible to win a monetary or non-monetary prize regardless of whether they meet the criteria set forth above: Any Federal entity or Federal employee acting within the scope of his or her employment or otherwise be prohibited by Federal law (employees should consult their agency ethics officials). Scope of Employment Definition: Activities of an employee that are in furtherance of duties that are owed to an employer and where the employer is, or could be, exercising some control, directly or indirectly, over the activities of the employee. Note: Federal ethical conduct rules may restrict or prohibit federal employees from engaging in certain outside activities; any federal employee not excluded under the prior paragraph seeking to participate in this Competition outside the scope of employment should consult his/her agency&rsquo;s ethics official prior to developing a submission; Any individual or entity that used DHS or USCG Federal facilities or relied upon significant consultation with DHS Federal employees to develop a submission, unless the facilities and employees were made available to all Participants in this Competition on an equal basis; and Any individual or entity that used Federal funds to develop a submission, unless such use is consistent with the grant award, or other applicable Federal funds awarding document. If a grantee using Federal funds enters and wins this Prize Competition, the prize monies must be treated as program income for purposes of the original grant in accordance with applicable Office of Management and Budget Circulars. Federal contractors may not use Federal funds from a contract to develop a submission for this Competition Per 15 U.S.C. 3719(h), an individual or entity shall not be deemed ineligible under these eligibility rules because the individual or entity used Federal facilities or consulted with Federal employees during a competition if the facilities and employees are made available to all individuals and entities participating in the Competition on an equitable basis. 14.) Use of Marks: Except as expressly set forth in the Participant Agreement or the Competition rules, participants shall not use the names, trademarks, service marks, logos, insignias, trade dress, or any other designation of source or origin subject to legal protection, copyrighted material or similar intellectual property (&ldquo;Marks&rdquo;) of the organizers or other Prize Competition partners, sponsors, or collaborators in any way without such party&rsquo;s prior written permission in each instance, which such party may grant or withhold at its sole and absolute discretion. If the submission includes the work of any third party (such as third-party content or open source code), the entrant must be able to provide, upon the request of DHS and/or Luminary Labs, documentation of all appropriate licenses and releases for such third-party works. If the entrant cannot provide documentation of all required licenses and releases, DHS reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify the applicable submission, or direct the entrant to secure the licenses and releases for DHS&rsquo;s benefit within three (3) days of notification of the missing documentation and allow the applicable submission to remain in the Challenge. In addition, DHS reserves all rights to pursue an entrant for claims based on damages incurred by the entrant&rsquo;s failure to obtain such licenses and releases. 15.) By participating in the Challenge, each entrant represents, warrants, and covenants as follows: The entrants are the sole authors, creators, and owners of the submission; The entrant&rsquo;s submission: Is not the subject of any actual or threatened litigation claim; Does not, and will not, violate or infringe upon the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, or other legal rights of any third party; Does not, and will not, contain any harmful computer code (sometimes referred to as &ldquo;malware,&rdquo; &ldquo;viruses,&rdquo; or &ldquo;worms&rdquo;); and the submission and entrant&rsquo;s use of the submission does not, and will not, violate any applicable laws or regulations of the United States. 16.) An individual or entity that is determined to be on the GSA Excluded Parties List (www.sam.gov) is ineligible to receive a monetary or non-monetary prize award and will not be selected as a Prize Competition winner. All entry information submitted on the Challenge website and all materials, including any copy of the submission, becomes property of DHS and the USCG and will not be acknowledged or returned by Luminary Labs, DHS or the USCG. 17.) Each contestant retains title to, and full ownership of, its submission. The contestant expressly reserves all intellectual property rights not expressly granted under this agreement. By participating in the Challenge, each contestant hereby irrevocably grants a license to DHS, USCG, and Luminary Labs to store, access and modify submissions in perpetuity that may be reproduced or distributed in the future. 18.) DHS reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any entrant who is found to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Challenge, Challenge website, or other Challenge-related websites; to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, Terms &amp; Conditions; or to be acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with the intent to disrupt or undermine the legitimate operation of the Challenge; or to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other person; and DHS reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. DHS reserves the right to disqualify any submission that DHS, in its discretion, deems to violate these Official Rules, Terms &amp; Conditions. Participants in Phase II and III of this Prize Competition agree to complete a background check and sign a non-disclosure agreement for access to government buildings, non-public information and other resources provided during Phase II and III.</p>
:ET