I"i
<p><strong>What is Boldline?</strong>    <strong>Boldline </strong>is the U.S. Department of State’s new partnership accelerator aimed to support and scale innovative public-private partnerships (P3s).    One of the first programs of its kind, Boldline supports social good public-private partnerships that address pressing global challenges and focuses on giving them tools to scale their missions. The main goal of Boldline is to build and deploy strategic connections and collaborations aimed at: a) strengthening the global partnership building ecosystem; b) promoting and facilitating connectivity between the private sector and governments; and c) fostering innovative partnership business models.  Boldline will take the often dotted lines between government, private sector and civil society and create a bold line between the sectors through partnerships.    <strong>THE ACCELERATOR</strong>    The U.S. Department of State in close collaboration with industry leaders will organize a one-week partnership building accelerator program that will bring together selected stakeholders of public-private partnerships, including public institutions, corporations, innovation companies, entrepreneurship support organizations, and financial institutions to galvanize interest for the participating partnerships and to help build the framework for these partnerships in targeted countries.  The program will identify timely P3s that are in the early development stages of their partnerships or are ready to scale their operations and activities. Through a one week accelerator and ongoing support, Boldline will provide the individuals and institutions behind these partnerships with mentorship, access to resources, government relations, and global networks needed to scale their impact. The accelerator will take place in February 2018 in Washington, DC and participation in the program will be highly competitive.    <strong>WHO WE ARE</strong>    The U.S. Department of State’s Office of Global Partnerships is a center of excellence for collaboration between the U.S. Department of State, the public and private sectors, and civil society.  The Office aims to strengthen and deepen U.S. diplomacy and development around the world through partnerships that leverage the creativity, innovation, and core business resources of partners for greater impact.  The Department recognizes that it takes more than governments to address many global issues and believes that partnerships with the private sector, civil society, philanthropy and other non-governmental organizations are necessary for our national security and diplomacy objectives.     </p>
:ET