I"ı<p>The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Office of Water is pleased to announce the 5th annual Campus RainWorks Challenge for undergraduate and graduate students. EPA is inviting student teams to design an innovative green infrastructure project for a location on their campus. Student teams will collaborate with a faculty advisor to develop a project narrative and design boards describing the project. Winning teams will be awarded a student prize to be divided evenly among student team members, as well as a faculty prize to support green infrastructure research or training.   </p>
<p>  The Campus RainWorks Challenge is designed to engage students in reinventing our water infrastructure. In most developed areas, stormwater is drained through engineered collection systems and discharged into nearby waterbodies. This stormwater carries trash, bacteria, heavy metals, and other pollutants from the urban landscape, degrading water quality. Higher flows can also cause erosion and flooding in nearby streams, damaging habitat, property, and infrastructure. As our cities and towns grow, more of our streams, lakes, and bays will be at risk. At the same time, these cities and towns will demand even more clean water to meet household and industry needs.  </p>
<p>  Green infrastructure refers to systems and practices that use or mimic natural processes. While ‚Äúgray‚Äù¬†stormwater infrastructure is largely designed to convey stormwater away from the built environment, green infrastructure uses soils, vegetation, and rainwater harvesting to manage rainwater near to where it falls. By weaving natural processes into the built environment, green infrastructure can also provide many community benefits, including improving air quality, reducing urban heat island impacts, reducing energy consumption, enhancing wildlife habitat, and providing community amenities.  </p>
<p>  As communities develop and climate patterns shift, both urban stormwater impacts and urban water needs are expected to grow. Our nation and our planet need innovative planners, designers, engineers, and other professionals to create resilient and affordable solutions. The Campus RainWorks Challenge is designed to encourage college and university students to become part of these solutions.</p>
:ET